## Coders Welcome

If you're a programmer and you find a bug or think of a feature that would be a nice addition to the project, feel free to <a href="https://github.com/ksclarke/solr-jetty-maven">fork the project</a> and submit a pull request.

For what it's worth, most FreeLibrary projects use a defined coding style.  Which style depends on the type of project; for instance, Drupal modules will use the standards established by the Drupal community... and Java projects will use a different style.  If a FreeLibrary project uses a particular coding style, there will be a style conformance check included in the build and testing process.  If you don't see one, the project doesn't use one (and you don't have to worry about it).  If the project does use one, it would be appreciated if the code in your pull requests conformed to the style of the project.  Programming styles vary and, for the most part, are arbitrary but conforming to an established style makes projects more readable and coherent.  Of course, patches that don't conform are still welcome, but may take more time to merge.

## Tests are Welcome, Too

One other type of pull request that is very welcome is the addition of tests.  FreeLibrary projects aim to include thorough tests, but sometimes fail to live up to that standard.  If you find a part of the project that would benefit from some tests, please feel free to contribute them.  If you're adding new code, please consider writing some tests to go along with the code that you submit.  Code can be submitted via GitHub's pull request mechanism or it can be submitted as a standard Git patch.  If you don't use GitHub, don't let the fact that the projects are hosted there discourage you from submitting.  Feel free to <a href="https://github.com/ksclarke/solr-jetty-maven/issues" title="Issues" target="_blank">file an issue</a> in the ticket system or to send an email to the [project's developer(s)](team-list.html "email the project's developer(s)").

## The Small Print

The FreeLibrary projects are all <a href="http://opensource.org/">open source</a> projects.  By submitting code to the project, you are asserting that you own the rights to the code and that you can legally contribute it to an open source project.  All code contributed to a FreeLibrary project is released under the license of the project, unless otherwise indicated in writing.  The FreeLibrary projects are small (and mostly insignificant projects compared to the projects of the larger, and more established, collaborative groups in the open source community), but we want to explicitly state this expectation so that we are doing our best to abide by the laws related to software development.

FreeLibrary projects are usually released under a <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copyleft">copyleft</a> license, unless they are adaptations of other projects that use a different type of <a href="http://opensource.org/licenses">open source license</a>.  Still, an effort is always made to use licenses that are <a href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html#GPLCompatibleLicenses">copyleft compatible</a>.  We are not lawyers but feel free to ask any questions related to the submission of code and we will do our best to answer them (or let you know that we do not have an answer).  Thanks for considering making this project better than it is.

