## Documenters Welcome

One of the most important (and frequently overlooked) parts of a small open source project is its documentation.  Documentation is often the first exposure that new users have to a project.  When it's lacking, new users may get discouraged and avoid using the project.  Even users who are experienced with a project get frustrated when the documentation for a particular feature, or aspect of the project, is lacking.  Enough frustrating experiences will cause even the most dedicated user to shy away from a project.  This is why people who contribute to a project's documentation are very welcome.  If you've tried out a project and found a gap in the documentation, or discovered an undocumented feature, you can contribute to the project by helping to fill that hole.

## Submitting Documentation

One way to point out a gap in documentation is to <a href="https://github.com/ksclarke/solr-jetty-maven/issues" title="Issues" target="_blank">report an issue</a>.  This can be as simple as saying: "Hey, I've noticed this particular feature could really use a little more documentation" or, it might go as far as saying: "These are my experiences... I did this, this, this, and then I didn't know what to do."

Instead of reporting an issue, alerting the developer(s) to a gap in the documentation, you might decide you want to contribute to the documentation effort yourself.  When the documentation is included as a part of the project, the easiest way to improve it is to edit the existing Markdown files (or create new ones).  Markdown is the documentation format used by GitHub and by this project's site generator.  The Markdown files are available in the site's <a href="https://github.com/ksclarke/solr-jetty-maven/tree/master/src/site/markdown" target="_blank">markdown</a> directory.  These files can be edited directly in GitHub using their Web-based Markdown editor (which will fork the project and require that you submit a pull request to submit your changes back to the project).

If that sounds too complicated, you can always use the wiki feature of GitHub to submit your documentation in wiki form.  Go to the <a href="https://github.com/ksclarke/solr-jetty-maven/wiki" target="_blank">project's wiki space</a> and you'll be able to create a new page, into which you can put your contributed documentation.  It would be good, after you've added the new wiki page, to create a new issue in the project's <a href="https://github.com/ksclarke/solr-jetty-maven/issues" title="Issues" target="_blank">issue queue</a>.  Once this is done, a developer can take the wiki's contents and integrate them into the Markdown pages that are used to generate this site.  The wiki page will then be deleted from the wiki space.

If that sounds like more effort than you want to commit to, you could alternatively just [email the project's developer(s)](team-list.html "email the project's developer(s)").  Emails from people who are interested in the project are welcome!